refactor(readme): update and sort properties section (#52)
ubilabs/google-maps-react-hooks: README.md

### Properties

Properties that can be passed to the `GoogleMapsProvider` that are either the container to hold the map instance or [Maps JavaScript API URL Parameters](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/url-params).

```TypeScript
interface GoogleMapProviderProps {
  googleMapsAPIKey: string;
  mapContainer?: HTMLElement | null;
  options?: google.maps.MapOptions;
  libraries?: string[];
  language?: string;
  region?: string;
  version?: string;
  onLoad?: (map: google.maps.Map) => void;
}
```
- - - -
__googleMapsAPIKey__ (_compulsary property_)

  The Google Maps JavaScript API Key.
  ```Typescript
  googleMapsAPIKey: string;
  ```

See: [Use API Key](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/embed/get-api-key)

- - - -

__mapContainer__ (_optional property_)

> A reference to the component that displays the map. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reference to the HTML element that displays the map. 
```
